So we just talked about TypeScript.
And we are about to get into Redux.
I have a interesting and
checkered history with Redux.
I do actually really like it.
But it's also been a great source of
stress in my life if we're gonna be
totally honest about it.
But I think it's useful for
you to know it as a tool and,
inaccurately when I ask people are like
what do you wanna learn about Redux?
One of the top topics is
always what about Redux?
So I'm just gonna teach it to you so
that you can understand what it is when
you might wanna use it, and when you
might actually wanna use something else.
So we're gonna go back to
another fresh copy of our repo.
So I'm gonna close this.
So this is another fresh
copy of my repo here.
I'm gonna run npm install really quick.
So let's talk about what Redux is,
where it came from, why it came about.
Initially, there was a thing called
Flux and Facebook used to use
this thing called Flux and
empowered a lot of their react front ends.
Famously the ads product was
all built in React and Flux.
The idea with Flux is it was a data
store that lived on the side of React.
So you had react over here
you had Flux over here.
And React would send actions over the Flux
stores and then the Flux stores and
send back the data.
And the idea is we need wanna isolate
the data portion of our application
from the view portion and
have the view portion just read from that.
Well, for each individual piece, they had
an individual Flux store and at one point,
they famously had over 100
Flux stores on one page and
that's when they finally said,
now we're out.
We don't like this anymore.
And so people blew or
didn't like Flux as much.
So very smart person who is now
currently on the React team.
Dan Abramov came up with
this idea of Redux.
He's like, instead of having 100 Flux
stores, why don't we have one Redux store.
And then everything is just like
a property in that one Redux store.
So you have one state tree,
as if people say.
This ended up being actually a pretty
decent user experience and so
people stuck with it, but
the general idea is the same.
You have one store,
React reads from the Redux store.
And then in order to modify the Redux
stores, it sends actions back to
the Redux stores, and actions are just
like, make this thing change, right?
So, if you remember
the useReducer portion, right?
We sent back in action says,
hey, increment this by 50, or
decrement this by 50,
that's exactly Redux.
That's all Redux is and so useReducer is
basically just like a mini Redux store.
We're gonna take that that
idea of a mini Redux store and
we're gonna make a normal Redux store.
So, what are good reasons to use Redux?
One, we have context already.
So it actually became a little bit
more obsolete recently when we
got a better form of context.
But it still has its good uses, right?
So one thing Redux code
is extremely testable.
And when I say extremely tough, I mean,
it's extremely testable that you
can test basically every portion
of your Redux stores and
that why that's positive is changing
state is usually what causes bugs.
Your state changed in some unexpected way.
So if you can test every portion of that,
make sure that it all integrates
correctly, you can have confidence that
you're not gonna have, at least bugs in
the way that your code is tested, right?
Otherwise your test will fail.
The other thing is that debugging
in Redux is really cool.
And I'm gonna show you at
the end how to do that.
So let's talk about the life cycle
of Redux and this is verbose.
I'm being verbose on purpose,
but it's also complicated.
Let's say you have a Textbox and then the
state of that Textbox is stored in Redux.
Let's talk about the process to get from
the user typing to it being stored and
then rerendered and read and react.
So user types and input box.
This calls an action creator, which
creates an object that's called an action.
Then you call the dispatch function
which dispatch that action to Redux.
Redux then takes that action with
the current state of the store and
that action, and
it calls what's called the route reducer.
And a reducer is just a function that
takes in state and an action and
returns new state.
That's it.
Okay, the route reducer will often
delegate that to a smaller reducer through
a smaller reducer will then do
whatever that action says, right so
it'll modify the state in some way.
It'll return that.
The route reducer returns the state
of the new store that is then fed
back to React and React uses that
state to render the view again.
It's a lot of words.
It's very abstract.
I'm going to walk you
through that in code, but
I just want you to be prepared for that.
Those are the steps that
we're gonna go through.
So, it takes a bit of setting up,
a bit of ceremony.
So, stick with me while we set this up.
Okay, the first thing I want you
to do now is I want you to do npm
install Redux at 4.0.5 and
then React Redux at 7.2.2.
This install Redux and the connecting
layer between React and Redux.
Okay, we're gonna make a new file.
We're gonna save that in our source
directory and we're gonna call
it store.js, lowercase store.js
cuz this is not a react component.
This is a Redux store.
We're gonna import create
store from Redux and
we're going to import reducer from a yet
to be created reducer.
Okay?
Now this really can be as easy as
const store equals create store.
Store.
This is enough for
us to create a Redux store.
But let's take this one step further.
This thing's called the Redux DeTools.
And I'm gonna show you how to
implement them now cuz it's
easier if we do it this way.
So we're gonna say type of window.
We're just gonna make sure that
the window is an object which this
means that this can run in
node without any problems.
And Type of window
dot underscore underscore
Redux DevTools extension.
So if you install
the Redux Dev Tools extension,
it populates itself on this particular
global variable is not equal to undefined.
By the way, I just copy and
paste these off the redux site every
single time I almost never write these.
If it is then call that function.
So if that's a thing, Call that function.
Otherwise, just give it
a function of returns.
This is called an identity functions,
something that returns itself.
I don't really need to care too much
about what this does but basically, if
Redux DevTools are installed which you're
gonna Like the Chrome extension store or
the Firefox extension store,
you'll enable them.
If not, they'll just not do anything,
that's the gist of what we typed out here.
And then we're gonna say
export default store.
Okay, so now we have a Redux store,
it's really easy to set up.
Now, let's go ahead and
go code our first reducer.